RC RDI: GA flow (#3383)
redis/docs: content/embeds/rc-rdi-create-rdi-workspace.md

To create a Data Integration workspace for an existing [Pro subscription]({{< relref "/operate/rc/databases/create-database/create-pro-database-new" >}}):

> 1. From the Redis Cloud console, select **Pipelines** from the left-hand menu. If you don't have any workspaces yet, select **Create workspace** to go to the **Create workspace** page.

Reviewer: @cmilesb It's again "Data integration". It was briefly changes to "Pipelines" by another team without synchronisation and we put it back to "Data integration". If there are other references, change them as well.

<img width="545" height="322" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c60393f-df60-4a77-b3c6-cc0c0150b637" />

```suggestion
1. From the Redis Cloud console, select **Data Integration** from the left-hand menu. If you don't have any workspaces yet, select **Create workspace** to go to the **Create workspace** page.
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/rdi/rdi-create-workspace-button.png" alt="The create workspace button." width=200px >}}

    If you already have a workspace deployed, you'll see your current workspaces. Select **New workspace** to go to the **Create workspace** page.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/rdi/rdi-new-workspace-button.png" alt="The new workspace button." width=150px >}}

>     You can also go to the **Data Integration** tab from your subscription page and select **Create workspace** to go to the **Create workspace** page for your subscription.

Reviewer: @cmilesb Either in the Subscription or in the Database page you have the "Data Integration" tab

Subscription:

<img width="2532" height="993" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f92761b-fc80-4bbc-8834-e0e5fc03672e" />

Database:

<img width="2551" height="1345" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f8d9a21a-befb-47a7-b99a-b7c5ad0c995e" />

Author: ```suggestion
    You can also go to the **Data Integration** tab from your subscription or database page and select **Create workspace** to go to the **Create workspace** page for your subscription.
```
